Speedr running the golden dandelion
while 10 fans hunt me down. Go. Okay, I
don't know how I'm going to do this.
They're all right on me. There's a
village. Okay, I somehow out parkour
them. There's a ravine right here. Is
there any blacksmith or anything? Jump.
Okay. Um, I'll get a hay bale.
Nice dandelion right here. That'll
that'll help, I guess. And they're all
on me. There's a shipwreck back here.
Jump. Nice jump. All right. I should be
the first there. Even if I get gold,
though, how am I going to get a crafting
table? All right. Come on. Gold. Gold.
Gold. Gold. No. Nine nuggets. Exactly
enough. I just need a crafting table.
Please. Please. Okay. They're on me.
It's It's not possible. It's not
possible. I just need to get back to the
I need to get back to the world.
HE HAS A BOAT.
GET IN. Oh my god. I'm in. I'm in. Wait.
Does he know the tech? He doesn't know
how to DO IT. OH MY GOD. WAIT. WAIT. I
can do this. Wait. I'll evade everyone.
Only two people have votes. Oh my god. I
have a chance. All right, we're gaining
a lot of ground from this. We're gaining
a lot of ground from this.
HE MESSED UP. HE MESSED UP. NO WAY. YOU
KNOW WHAT? I'm just going to keep going.
I'm going in a straight line. I don't
care how long it takes. Screw it. Wait,
there's a guy right there. This is the
only person I have to worry about. Okay,
there's land. I don't know if I'm far
enough to get a wood, though. Wait, I
just thought of a plan. I need vines.
Wait, that looks good. That looks good.
All right, it all comes down to this.
Go, go, go, go, go, go. Okay, place
break, please. The golden.
The line.